Persistent::mSQL - A Persistent class implemented using a mSQL database
    by David Winters

WHAT IS THIS?

Persistent is a framework of classes that makes it easier to store and
retrieve Perl objects from various types of data stores.  Using the
common interface that all of these classes inherit, you can
store/retrieve objects to/from various types of data stores such as
text and DBM files, relational databases, LDAP directories and so on,
all with the same programming interface.  This package contains a
class that is implemented using a mSQL database as the data store.

HOW DO I INSTALL IT?

Since this class inherits from the Persistent::DBI class which
inherits from the Persistent::Base class and the DBI and DBD::mSQL
packages are required, the order of installation should be something
like this:

  1. Install DBI
  2. Install DBD::mSQL
  3. Install Persistent::Base
  4. Install Persistent::DBI
  5. Install Persistent::mSQL

You can download these classes and all other Persistent
classes/packages from CPAN.  You can also download the Persistent
classes from the following web site:

http://www.bigsnow.org/persistent/

Install this package by doing the following:

    perl Makefile.PL
    make
    vi LOGIN  ### Edit this file with your database login info. ###
              ### This is used for the tests. ###
    make test
    make install

If you want to install a private copy in your home directory, then use
the PREFIX option when you generate the Makefile like this:

    perl Makefile.PL PREFIX=~/perl_lib

This package does require Perl 5.004 or later.

WHERE IS THE DOCUMENTATION?

You can find the documentation by typing "man Persistent::mSQL" or
"perldoc Persistent::mSQL" after you have installed this software.
If you're looking for online documentation, check out:

http://www.bigsnow.org/persistent/

You will probably also be interested in the general Persistent
documentation that comes in the Persistent Base package.  This can be
found by typing "man Persistent" or "perldoc Persistent" and is also
available online at the above URL.  The Persistent documentation for
DBI databases can be found by typing "man Persistent::DBI" or using
perldoc.

WHERE ARE THE EXAMPLES?

Complete working examples can be found in the "examples" directory
that is included in this package.  For more examples, check out the
web site mentioned above.

WARNING!

This software is definitely a work in progress.  (Though, it has been
used in more than 10 real world applications.)  Because of this, the
interface is definitely subject to change and bugs may be found.  We
would definitely love to hear from you regarding bugs or general
comments.  So please feel free to send mail to:

winters@bigsnow.org

Thanks, have fun, and let me know what you think!

David Winters
winters@bigsnow.org
